## AI Reflection

I was having some struggles with my coding early on as instead of starting simple and building from there I was trying to do more complicated things. So I asked chatgpt to help me simplify some of my code so that I had a more reasonable starting code. Then after building my base code, I asked chatgpt questions when I couldn't figure bugs that needed to be fixed and I also asked it to help me make some of my code cleaner and nicer after I fixed all the bugs. It was very helpful as it was able to clearly find and explain what my issues were and how to go about fixing them. I made sure to tell chat not to give me the solutions and instead to give me tips and hints. It worked really well because I was able to learn and challenge myself instead of just relying on chat. Also, when my code was all done, there were some consmetic things I wanted to change but didn't know how, so chat helped me figure out ways to make my code nicer. It gave me multiple options as well which I really appreciated so I was able to choose what worked best for me and what I liked best. I really enjoy using AI as a tool to help me. It's easily accessible and usually correct, though not always. There were a couple moments where the advice that chat gave me didn't work and I had to figure out how to fix it. This actually ended up being helpful sometimes though, as it was usually still in the ballpark. So even though its advice was wrong, it helped lead me to the right solution. I tend to have good logic when coding, but often miss little details that cause bugs or just make it look clunky. So AI has been really helpful with teaching me to notice and improve those issues. 